It was after the autumn harvest celebration
There is a Hongxiu recruiting staff to send me wine and buns.
Said to share the collective honor
They watch me eat
Then I'll give you rat poison, and you can eat it too?
Get them out
If you don't dare, you won't do such a thing with a black heart
But look at how confident he is
Boss may be more powerful than I thought
Forget it, eat and drink enough to withdraw first
Hug your thighs slowly in the future
I've had my fill.
I'm going to bed first.
Why don't you clean up this mess?
I'm here to buy
Not to be a mother
In my previous life, being a cow and a horse was very tiring
I have to change my life
I cook, you do the dishes
It's called the difference in the revolutionary division of labor.
Good night still gay
He's a lazy little spy
It's not supposed to be booing and asking for warmth now
Tighten the relationship and throw away the intelligence?
He went straight into the house to take a shower and sleep
I'd rather see what tricks he's up to
Why don't you wear clothes?
Who showers and dresses?